These bastards are clearly framing big brother
Sister-in-law, what should we do now?
You can't just watch your big brother wait to die like this
No, I'm going back to move reinforcements
Stop what do you think
Now in the capital
Anyone?
Will help them at the risk of being angered by the Sun family
What to do then?
You can't.
Just watch big brother being played to death by the Sun family
before the time
Only believe him
My eldest brother
This is what he put in my hand before they took him.
within the plan
Don't worry.
How is this possible?
Don't look at your big brother's usual giggling
A cynical look
But in fact, he was more afraid of death than anyone else
Fear of death
It is because he is afraid of death
So he thinks more than anyone else
Also more cautious
only
I can't imagine what he left behind
Go where
County